ah
in sacrifice you lived your life
and in God's will you found your delight
child of God bright of cry
you're a man and shining mine
through the cross your show home to
everyone shining in the heart of the
Great Southern land
say
is your name the
angels we chew through you
you broke me
I'm a bum
helping of the poem mother love the
lonely pray for us
he lived in the head
our Father was praising them are
you help them to stand and with all your
heart
you serve the Lord
and through God
you can't for the ball
through the cross you show
hold you man
shining you
the heart of the great son
and say
is your movie
read your
who
ah
I you
the name
of the poor mother
only wave
and the hair
honest
jeez
Oh children
sing I know
say
everywhere
see me is your name me
angels we chose through
you proclaim the name
you burn for me
yes you're me
you
Oh mother
you pray for
pray for
you